https://ftp.gnu.org/gnu/gcc/gcc-6.5.0/gcc-6.5.0.tar.xz gcc
https://gmplib.org/download/gmp/gmp-6.1.2.tar.xz       gcc/gmp
https://ftp.gnu.org/gnu/mpfr/mpfr-4.0.2.tar.xz         gcc/mpfr
https://ftp.gnu.org/gnu/mpc/mpc-1.1.0.tar.gz           gcc/mpc
https://sourceware.org/pub/java/ecj-4.9.jar            gcc/ecj
http://isl.gforge.inria.fr/isl-0.16.tar.bz2            gcc/isl
patches/001_all_default-ssp-strong.patch               gcc/patches
patches/002_all_default-relro.patch                              gcc/patches
patches/003_all_default-fortify-source.patch                              gcc/patches
patches/005_all_default-as-needed.patch                              gcc/patches
patches/020_all_msgfmt-libstdc++-link.patch                              gcc/patches
patches/050_all_libiberty-asprintf.patch                              gcc/patches
patches/051_all_libiberty-pic.patch                              gcc/patches
patches/053_all_libitm-no-fortify-source.patch                              gcc/patches
patches/201-cilkrts.patch                              gcc/patches
patches/203-libgcc_s.patch                              gcc/patches
patches/204-linux_libc_has_function.patch                              gcc/patches
patches/301-libgcc-always-build-gcceh.a.patch                              gcc/patches
patches/302-gcc-4.9-musl-fortify.patch                              gcc/patches
patches/303-gcc-6.1-musl-libssp.patch                              gcc/patches
patches/310-boehm-gc-musl.patch                              gcc/patches
patches/311-boehm-gc-musl-mips.patch                              gcc/patches
patches/320-libffi-gnulinux.patch                              gcc/patches
patches/401-gcc-pure64.patch                              gcc/patches
patches/501-fix-gcj-stdgnu14-link.patch                              gcc/patches
patches/502-fix-gcj-musl.patch                              gcc/patches
patches/503-fix-gcj-iconv-musl.patch                              gcc/patches
patches/504-fix-gcj-arm-thumb.patch                              gcc/patches
patches/901-fix-cxxflags-passing.patch                              gcc/patches
patches/998-ldbl128-config.patch                              gcc/patches
patches/999-libgcc-ldbl128-config.patch                              gcc/patches
